docs(kafka-log) add support for api_version config (#1904)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/kafka-log/index.md

      default: "`50000`"
      description: |
        Maximum number of messages that can be buffered in memory in asynchronous mode.
    - name: api_version
      required: false
      default: "`0`"
      description: |

>         API version of a Produce. Allowed values: 0, 1 and 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        API version of a Produce request. Allowed values: `0`, `1`, or `2`.
```
